hey guys I don't even use shampoo found
that whether it's all fate or
sulfate-free it's not a necessity for my
hair ready mix soaps and plays like
bentonite clay rhassoul clay and all
sorts of kaeleen you know this happened
nice goodies actually works quite well
with my hair so I do stick to Kay's but
it's been about five months without
clarifying my hair without using any
sort of clay or shampoos etc so at some
point I will have to do a video on it
I need conditioner my regimen without it
my regimen is pointless what I normally
do is I make sure that I use thicker
conditioners before I wash my hair so
for my pre-poo of pre shampoo even
though I don't shampoo and then right
before I get out of the shower I keep on
a lighter conditioner or I even cleanse
my hair with the lights and conditioner
I don't really need gel in my life I
think I've been having the same gel
container for the past two years that is
really bad I think it probably needs to
be thrown away now I find that I can
define my hair quite well with just
normal conditioner depending on how
thick whatever consistency I can
manipulate my hair according to the
consistency of the product when it comes
to moisturizing my hair I like to keep
it light because my hair doesn't dry
quickly it takes two days to dry things
on my it's just ridiculous so what I do
is I used the loc method the best way to
actually manipulate my hair with noch
method is using water as a base
my head warm water sometimes you know I
like to do green tea
just a green tea bed with hot water and
then use that as a spray on my hair and
then on top of it I apply my favorite
oils it could be olive oil coconut oil
mixture of oils whatever and then from
the my cream I make sure that it's
anything thicker than my oil but it does
not mean it has to be a butter it could
be anything like literally it could be a
regular conditioner
it could be sheer butter find that when
it comes to the tingling my hair kept
straight all week is the best way to go
and keeping my hair straight
I mean having twists in my hair at night
it does not mean during the day I'm
having twists or braids but at night
keeping my hair as smooth as possible in
the morning I can do whatever I want to
do with it but making sure that at night
twist braids been choose whatever as
long as my ends are hidden or nicely
coiled up I used to detangle two hours
before now I only just hang on 15
minutes sometimes have been lace before
I add too much water on my hair or
rinsing my hair whatever and that has to
be the process before my pre-poo or my
deep think conditioner I make sure that
I just detangle my hair I remove all
sorts of settings because those can be a
pain in the butt to remove once your
hairs but thick conditioner if seen the
process it takes you have to be so
gentle and so
girl you don't understand no not for me
so what I do is I use oil could be olive
oil coconut oil castor oil any of those
three works very well for my
entertainment process I just run my
fingers through but I don't rake a I
just you know it's almost like smoothing
it down but not smoothing with my palms
so I just do that and get rid of all the
shedding taken away and then from there
apply my conditioner I could also do it
with a comb but it really depends how I
feel what's my mood like I feel like a
comb I just use combs but if I don't I
use my finger not use a lot of too much
water can also damage my hair so I don't
really go too far with it could you just
gonna show you it's tight at the bottom
here and very loose at the top I mean
yeah the tip of my hair hair ends is
kind of quelled up messed up and then
here is very straight looking or maybe
looking whatever you know man
it's the same everywhere except for my
favorite part of my hair which is the
problem although it's not only lots
which is what pisses me off but the
front portion of my hair is very tight
and it's so much easier to work with
these small coils are like they define
anything you don't understand like my
definition with these things yeah it's
so beautiful but the back and the other
portions are very stubborn so like I
said here
and here also at the back on the other
hand is very very loose I don't know I I
actually thought that my hair at the
back would have been tighter but it's
not I don't really know where to start
let me stop by hair typing because I
know a lot of people ask me a lot about
the hair typing my hair is screw it
is kinky curly kinky coily oily kinky of
it and if you follow the loin method it
is and always an S and if is there
another one oh yeah sorry
for a 3 C 3 C for a whatever that's
pretty much the only thing I am aware of
if there's any other methods out there
let me know not that it will make any
difference in my life but yeah it's
always nice to know other people's way
of doing things shrinkage I've got 60%
to 70% shrinkage no I'm lying
60 to 50% this is half my actual length
so there you go it's about 50 60 % you
would have been nice to actually have
all my land ok I'm getting tired of
feeling like I'm still in in-between
stage and if you really looked quite
nicely on my videos my hair length does
not change it's frustrating it's so
difficult to make my hair elongated this
is my hair length this is my hair
shrinkage I did not stretch my hair in
any way or any form this is what it
looks like
only thing however that I find that it's
different on my hair currently is my
hair volume because I like to shake the
bottom and I diffused my hair so
diffusing
when I put the diffuser on me I know you
just shake it like